[Music]
hi babes welcome back to my channel so
today I'm gonna be doing a video that's
kind of been long awaited for I'm gonna
be showing you guys how i whiten my
teeth at home this video is not all
sponsored in any way these are just some
really cheap products that i use that
you can find at like Target or Walmart
hope you guys asked if I can do this
video and the other day I got a
compliment on my teeth being so white
and it was because I just use these
products again so I thought that it
would be a good time to do it but my
favorite teeth whitening product that I
use out of any of them is this Herman
hammer advanced whitening toothpaste it
works so good like it's not even funny I
swear to you within three days you will
see a difference and I feel like by 7
days like your teeth will be white and I
mean obviously depending on like um
yellow they are I use this I'll get it
every couple of months if I feel like my
teeth are starting to get yellow again
just because I'm obviously not a dentist
but I feel like it's not good for you to
be whitening your teeth all the time so
I will use it like a couple days a week
when I want my teeth to be white and
then after I feel like they're white
enough then I'll stop using it for a
couple months and then I'll pick it back
up again so I rotate that toothpaste
with this one and this is the pronamel
gentle whitening toothpaste and it says
that strengthens Andry hardened enamel
protects against the effects of acid
erosion and it's for sensitive teeth and
cavity prevention so I use this one like
as my everyday toothpaste and then when
I use this one I'll use this one in
between because I want my teeth to still
be strong even I'm whitening them and I
don't want any name will be weak so I
like to use this toothpaste for that I
next favorite teeth whitening product is
the 3d Crest Whitestrips
these my friends are awesome this one
comes with 40 strips and 20 treatment so
one for 20 for the top and 20 for the
bottom and it says it removes 14 years
of stains I've used only once only
muties at once and I never had to use it
again because it made my teeth so white
and these are a lot stronger than the
toothpaste so if we were using these I
would definitely ensure that you're
being careful with how often you're
using them because you don't want to
mess up your teeth or make them super
sensitive but these honestly work
amazing i highly recommend so you would
use them once a day for 30 minutes and
use them for 20 days in a row or just
until you feel like your teeth are white
enough they're a little bit pricey I'll
put all links in the description box
below to everything that I'm talking
about but this one is the priciest one
these are just like regular Japanese
prices and that's honestly the only
products that I use to whiten my teeth I
don't use anything fancy and charcoal I
don't use teeth whitening kits and then
I do have a couple of other tips so one
thing that I like to do especially
during the summer is when strawberries
are in season
I love eating strawberries and they can
actually help whiten your teeth so I
kind of make a more conscious effort
when they aren't in season to eat more
strawberries and then after I like take
a bite into the strawberry I rub it on
my tooth and that helps to whiten my
teeth too so that's one thing that you
can do just something really small like
if you're eating strawberries it's just
like a little fun factor now and then I
would also try to avoid radish sauce
because that will stain your teeth
coffee and dark soda so anything that's
gonna stain your teeth I would avoid
eating those I don't really drink coffee
that often I like never have soda and if
I have soda it's usually sprite but it's
like a couple times a year it's not that
often and I try to avoid eating red
sauce for like pasta I usually have a
white sauce instead it's just some tips
and I hope that this information was
helpful to you if you get anything out
of this video please try the Arm and
Hammer
because I swear it will change your life
that's so good I hope you all learned
about a product that will help you
whiten your teeth and I hope you all
have a blessed day and we'll see you
next time